Give deprecation notice for Unitful extension (#21)
gustaphe/UnitfulLatexify.jl: docs/src/index.md

and [Latexify.jl](https://github.com/korsbo/Latexify.jl), allowing easy and
pretty latexification of Unitful quantities, numbers and units.

## Deprecation

> As of Unitful.jl `XXX fill in here`, UnitfulLatexify is superceded by an extension to Unitful.

Author: ```suggestion
As of Unitful.jl 1.25, UnitfulLatexify is superceded by an extension to Unitful.
```
